Remoted integration tests T2: Several checks manager-agent communication (#1143)
wazuh/wazuh-qa: docs/tests/integration/test_remoted/test_agent_communication/test_agent_version_shared_configuration_startup_message.md

# Test agent version, shared configuration and startup message
## Overview

> Check if the manager receives the correct agent version, sends shared configuration and that agent sends 
> startup message restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check if the agents correctly send their version, correctly receive the shared configuration, and finally, the start-up message is sent to the manager.
```

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-qa/pull/1143/commits/dc0ff6e952b499dbc1734fbae5d2ce11e80896d1
